[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on  Homeland.
- [ Jessica ]
He’s not good for you.
- And that is based on what?
Not knowing him at all?
He’s unstable.
Dana?
- Mom, what happened?
- Your sister’s gone.
- Go.
- It’s not an official
missing person for 24 hours.
State police have a description
and they’re aware that Leo’s
a fugitive from here.
Leo wasn’t in
the rehab facility
for treatment.
His parents made a deal
with the D.A. to keep him from
being charged with homicide.
It’s beyond argument
that the Agency
is now crippled...
and its reputation
in tatters.
How can the C.I.A.
be expected to protect
this country...
if it can’t even
protect itself?
It’s Carrie.
She’s out for blood, Saul.
I just wanted you to know,
I’m gonna stop her.
Your client,
in her current state of mind,
poses a threat
to national security.
Un-fucking-believable.
Carrie, you’re out.
I’m out?
We went to a lot of trouble
to get you out.
In exchange for?
A sit-down with
one of the partners
in the firm.
Our firm has long-standing
relationships...
with several countries
in the Middle East.
What does your client want?
Well, he recently lost
six business associates.
So this is Iran
we’re talking about.
[ Fara ]
Javadi?
He ordered the attack
on this building.
I need him in a room.
I want to rip him down
to the studs.
I will see your client.
But only him.
And only face-to-face.
It worked, Saul.
Javadi.
It has to be.
Did you hold out
for a meeting in person?
You’ve been
very, very brave.
You should’ve gotten me
out of the hospital, Saul.
You shouldn’t have
left me in there.
Hello.
What’s the purpose of your visit
to the United States, Mr. Zarin?
Business.
- What sort of business?
- Uh, paper products.
Oh, I’m visiting clients
in Albany.
I thought I’d take
the scenic route.
- How long will you be
in the States?
- Maximum three days.
- Enjoy your stay.
- Thanks very much.
[ Exhales ]
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Yes?
I’m Peter Quinn.
Saul called me.
Come in.
I’m Mira.
Saul’s just getting dressed.
What as?
Hey.
He’s going duck hunting.
- And why would he do that?
- The president’s chief of staff
invited him.
And half the Senate Committee
on Intelligence.
They’re gonna talk to him
about the permanent job.
Director of the C.I.A.
Better not screw it up.
So Mira keeps telling me.
[ Sighs ]
How do I look?
If I was a duck,
I’d be worried.
[ Chuckles ]
I’ll make some coffee.
Come here.
I need your eyes on Carrie.
Carrie? Why?
Because the Iranians
are watching her too.
For what reason?
They believe she’s
a disgraced C.I.A. officer,
desperate enough to
sell information.
No, that’s crazy.
Carrie would never
in a million years–
But she would.
’Cause
that was the play.
We dangled her
to draw the Iranians out.
"Dangled"?
What are you talking about?
I’m inviting you into
an ongoing operation,
Peter.
Carrie’s and mine.
You mean–
Burning her
in front of the Senate?
Committing her
to a mental institution?
All an act.
Part of the plan.
Fuck me.
[ Chuckles ]
And it’s working?
So far.
Two nights ago,
the deputy chief of Iran’s
intelligence directorate
took the bait.
We believe
he’s on his way here.
Javadi himself?
Majid Javadi?
[ Exhales ]
He’s taking
a huge fuckin’ risk.
Carrie Mathison’s
a huge fuckin’ draw.
[ Engine Stops ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
English, please.
The tank is full.
There’s a credit card
and some dollars.
Okay.
Do you want a weapon?
Sig Sauer 250?
No guns.
I’ve programmed
the directions, sir.
Thank you.
[ Engine Starts ]
♪♪ [ Speakers: Pop ]
So, I have $74.58 left.
And you?
Zip. Nada.
You forget, I come from
a money-free zone.
So we have enough
for another tank of gas and
a few days of food, and then–
Despair, starvation, death.
[ Dana Chuckles ]
As long as I’m with you.
We could find somewhere
though, you know?
Somewhere
where nobody knows us.
Get a place, get jobs.
Flipping burgers?
Hell, I mean,
I’d flip burgers.
I’m just saying,
we don’t have to be
who we are.
Not forever.
We can escape it.
You think people
would let us?
Your family, my family?
All the bullshit?
Hey.
We gotta enjoy
what we’ve got,
because it will never
get better than this.
Here and now.
You and me.
All right?
- [ Horn Honking ]
- Shit!
- [ Tires Screeching ]
- Jesus!
Sorry.
Leo.
I was looking at you.
[ Exhales ]
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Jessica.
I-I’m sorry, I–
Dana’s missing.
Uh, c-come in.
I know it’s not
appropriate for me
to just turn up like this.
I literally have
nowhere else to go.
What do you mean,
Dana’s missing?
She disappeared three days ago.
She stole my car
and she broke her boyfriend
out of the clinic where she–
I don’t know how much you know,
but Dana tried to kill herself.
Yes, I know.
Have you gone
to the police?
They say they’re looking.
But it’s obvious they think
it’s just two kids on a joyride.
The F.B.I.?
They say it’s not
their jurisdiction.
Well, m-maybe it is
just kids on a joyride.
Even if it is, I’m worried.
I found out why Leo
was in the clinic.
His parents put him there
to avoid a homicide charge.
He killed someone?
His little brother
ended up dead,
killed with the family gun.
Maybe it was an accident.
Maybe Leo’s a psychopath.
I don’t know.
I don’t know what Dana knows,
and I’m scared.
Dana’s a bright girl.
She’ll see through him.
Dana’s in love.
Who knows what she’ll see?
[ Sighs ]
Look, I’m sorry,
but this is a really
bad time for me.
I-I’m not in a position–
You tried to help us
once before.
You turned up to my house,
and you tried to warn me
about Brody.
And even though
I knew in my heart something
was seriously fucking wrong,
I didn’t listen.
And I know
something’s wrong now.
I know it.
And I’m begging you,
please help me find her.
Please.
Okay. Okay.
[ Exhales ]
Thank you.
Look, go home,
and I’ll see
what I can do.
Thank you.
[ Beeping ]
[ Line Ringing ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
- Yes?
- Agent Hall,
it’s Carrie Mathison.
I need to talk.
I got nothing
to say to you.
This is about Dana Brody.
I don’t care what it’s about,
Mathison.
Don’t call me again.
[ Clicks ]
Fuckin’ broad.
[ Sighs ]
[ Beeps ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Line Ringing ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
[ Beeps ]
Yeah?
Hey, Max, it’s Carrie.
Carrie? Uh–
Carrie, where are you?
In 10 seconds, I’m gonna call
back and set up the yoga play.
Yoga?
Virgil’s yoga play,
using Lisa?
Remember? So when I call,
act a little less clueless
than you are now, okay?
I’m not acting clueless.
I was up all night
on a job, prep–
[ Sighs ]
[ Line Ringing ]
[ Rings, Beeps ]
Hello.
This is Max.
Hey, Max, it’s Carrie.
I’m just, uh, calling
to see if we’re still on
for yoga this morning.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yoga.
Sure. Right.
Class starts at 10:00,
so...
better get moving, okay?
Okay.
[ Beeps ]
Target’s on the move.
Copy that.
Jesus!
What the fuck, Quinn?
Shouldn’t you be
hiding up a tree or something?
I’m up
on your burner phone.
I heard your conversation
with Agent Hall
and your little friend Max.
What the hell
do you think you’re doing?
If you heard, you should know.
I’m trying to find Dana Brody.
You’re gonna look
for her yourself?
No, I’m gonna get
the F.B.I. to do it.
How are you gonna do that?
The guy won’t even
talk to you.
You came in on this operation
five minutes ago, and now
you’re telling me what to do?
You have surveillance
all over you– two teams,
as far as I can see.
They realize you’re not
who you’re supposed to be,
they’ll just kill you.
They won’t realize.
This play works.
I’ve used it a dozen times.
Well, you’re still
risking the operation.
Let me handle it.
I’ll talk to the fed.
No, I know the guy.
He’s just gonna jerk you around.
Carrie, you’re under
a lot of strain.
- You’re not thinking clearly.
- I’m thinking just fine, Quinn.
If anyone’s risking this
operation, it’s you. You
shouldn’t be anywhere near me.
Look, I–
[ Sighs ]
I’m glad
you’ve got my back.
And... you came to see me
in the hospital...
when I was
not in a good place.
It meant a lot.
What you
put yourself through,
it was fucking
incredible.
[ Sighs ]
Yeah, well,
I’ve got a yoga class
that starts in 11 minutes.
[ Saul ]
Michael Higgins.
[ Chuckles ]
I didn’t know you went in
for this sort of thing.
I don’t.
The president asks,
his chief of staff delivers.
You can dump
your stuff here.
They’ll take it up
to your room for you.
Okay. Thanks.
Come on.
We’ll get some coffee.
Unless you want
something stronger.
No, coffee’s fine. Black.
Could we get
a black coffee here?
Well, you should know, you’ve
won a lot of respect here...
with the operation
to take out
the Langley bombers.
Maybe I should’ve brought
their heads back on a spike.
Hello, everyone.
Sorry I’m late. Mike.
Hey!
Hope the White House can
survive without you for one day.
Saul.
How are you?
I’m well, Senator.
Where the hell
is my Slivovitz?
I got a taste for this
when I was with KFOR in Kosovo.
That burns away
the cobwebs.
You want one?
No, thanks.
I’m cobweb-free.
[ Chuckles ]
You ever hunted
geese before?
No, just spies and traitors.
Thought we were
hunting duck.
Duck season’s
long gone, Saul.
Goose season’s
almost over too.
This is our last chance
to take down some big boys.
It’s good to meet
in less adversarial
circumstances, isn’t it?
Hi. Sorry.
Hey, Lisa,
I really appreciate this.
You’re lucky I was in town.
I know.
It was an emergency.
The boys are in the alley.
Okay, I’ll be back
before the class ends.
Virgil.
Classy move, Carrie,
taking advantage
of my brother.
What else could I do?
Last time I called, you implied
you were being watched.
Those goons backed off
two days ago.
But I’m not kidding.
We could lose our jobs
over this.
I know, and I’m grateful.
But can we talk about this
on the move?
I’m on a really tight
time frame here.
I have to get to Bethesda
and back in less than
50 minutes. So can we move?
I pulled rank
and arranged for us
to share a hide.
One of the few places
you can actually talk
in private.
Hope you don’t mind.
Not at all.
Long as you don’t expect me
to hit anything.
Fired a shotgun
recently?
Not for 20 years.
Happy hunting, boys!
See you out there,
Lonnie.
Try my old Remington.
Never missed a shot.
Come on, Rio!
Let’s roll!
[ Whistles ]
Come on!
[ Engines Starting, Revving ]
10:42. Where is he?
Does he always come here?
Every morning.
I’ve watched him.
He picks up his coffee
sometime between
10:30 and 10:45.
Then he drives
to the Brody house
to do his shift.
10:43.
We’re not gonna make it back
before that class ends.
We have to go,
Carrie.
We’re staying.
- [ Sighs ] What is it
that you’re working on?
- I said we’re staying.
Hi there!
Look what I got for you.
[ Grunts ]
I know, sweetheart.
I know.
[ Chattering ]
Huh!
Oh!
[ Farsi ]
Ugh!
Agent Hall.
Jesus.
You got nerve.
I’m not talking to you.
This isn’t about me.
Dana Brody is missing.
What are you doing
on the street? Why aren’t you in
the nuthouse where you belong?
Do you have to be
such a dick? Please.
Dana’s in real trouble.
Her mother’s
going out of her mind.
That’s not my problem.
How is that
not your problem?
What if her father’s still
in the country? What if she’s
on her way to meet him?
She isn’t.
She’s also not
in any trouble.
How do you know?
Because.
My guys have been
listening in on Dana
and her boyfriend for weeks.
This? It’s two teenagers
run away on a fuck-fest.
Romeo and Juliet.
You do know how
Romeo and Juliet ends,
don’t you? Not well.
Get over yourself,
Mathison.
They’ll be home
as soon as the money runs out.
Did you ever run background
on the boyfriend?
If you did, you’d know
he’s bad fucking news.
Even if you don’t give a shit
about Dana, she is the one
person Brody will reach out to,
if he ever reaches out
to anybody.
So please tell me you know
where she is, tell me she’s
safe, and I’ll walk away.
Look, we got a BOLO out
to field offices,
law enforcement
across the Northeast.
We’re gonna find her.
You’d better.
Because if anything happens
to that girl, it’s on you,
and I will make damn sure
the whole world knows
you lost her.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
You know?
It’s just hard.
I totally agree.
[ Engine Starts ]
What the hell?
Hey. Hey!
- Move your damn car!
- Oh, I just gotta
deliver this.
- I said move your fucking car.
- I’ll be five seconds, tops.
I promise.
Um, listen, you know
where 1905-B is?
- ’Cause I can see 1905-A, but–
- I should break your neck,
asshole.
Hey, man,
what’s the hurry?
I guess
it’s around back, right?
Take it easy.
Thanks.
[ Whispers ]
Thank you.
I spoke to the president
yesterday. He’s concerned.
About what?
Morale... at the C.I.A.,
for one thing,
in the wake of
the Langley bombing...
and the revelations
about Carrie Mathison.
Tell the president
not to worry.
Morale is good.
We’re moving forward.
[ Geese Honking ]
[ Shotgun Firing
In Distance ]
You should also know
he’s...
exploring some changes
in intelligence practice.
The old games are proving
less and less effective.
Obsolete, even.
"The old games"?
Certain categories
of clandestine operations.
Double agents, coat-trailing,
stimulated defections.
Live sources.
Human beings.
That’s the gold standard
of espionage.
They’re also
the most unreliable.
Two words:
Nicholas Brody.
Brody got past us.
I’ll admit that.
Look, I’m not here
to beat you over the head,
but the truth is,
where we’ve been
most effective is militarily.
The drone program alone–
You can’t run
an intelligence agency
from 17,000 feet, Senator.
No one is suggesting that.
But with Al-Qaeda
seriously degraded,
our biggest threat is now Iran.
Military action
at this point–
be a huge mistake.
The president
wants all options
on the table, Saul.
I’ll do
whatever it takes.
But I won’t temper my views
just to get your support for
my confirmation as director.
[ Laughing ]
I’m afraid you’ve got this
backwards, old friend.
I’m the one
getting nominated
as director.
What?
The president’s
putting my name up
for confirmation tomorrow.
So this really isn’t about
tempering your views.
It’s about changing them.
If, that is,
you want a job...
in my C.I.A.
[ Geese Honking ]
Your bird, I think.
[ Gunshot ]
Salaam.
Welcome, sir.
My name is Navid.
This is Aram.
Your cases came yesterday.
They’re upstairs.
Thank you.
Let’s see
what you have.
Can I get you anything, sir?
A drink? Some food?
No, thank you.
I need to change my shirt.
It’s stained.
But first, show me
the interview room.
Sure. This way.
[ TV: Female News Anchor,
Faint ]
Hi.
Forty on five, please.
Good to go.
[ TV: News Anchor Continues ]
...was found dead on a small
boat near his vacation cabin,
the victim
of a savage beating.
The motive
for the fatal attack
remains unknown.
Syracuse police
have asked the public
to be on the lookout...
for two teenagers
on the run from
a Maryland clinic,
driving a 1989
silver Toyota Camry.
One of the teens
is Dana Brody,
daughter
of fugitive congressman
Nicholas Brody.
Her companion, Leo Carras,
is receiving
court-mandated treatment...
following the death
of his brother...
who died
from a gunshot wound...
after an alleged
suicide pact with Leo.
Police have asked the public
not to approach the couple...
but to contact Syracuse P.D.
at 800-555-0199.
In sports, Chiefs fans may
have to open their wallets–
That it?
Yeah.
Ninety-five cents.
[ Register Beeping,
Clicking ]
Hey, uh,
what about your change?
[ TV: Male Anchor ]
And in other news,
the city council–
Coming?
Come on. We need to find
a place to sleep
before it gets dark.
You okay?
I don’t know.
Will you tell me
about your brother?
- Tell you what?
- Tell me what happened.
I already told you.
So, will you tell me again?
Look, I don’t exactly
enjoy talking about it.
Will you please
just tell me?
I want to understand.
I was in my room
doing homework.
I heard a gunshot.
I went into Phil’s room.
He was–
He was lying there,
blood everywhere.
Somehow he’d gotten hold
of my dad’s gun.
Before, you said
that he-he’d done it
in front of you.
Because that’s what
it felt like.
He was right next door.
In front of you? Next door?
How could that feel like
the same thing?
Dana,
what’s got into you?
They said it was different
on the news.
What news?
In there.
W-We’re on the news.
They’re looking for us.
And they said what happened
to you and your brother
was a suicide pact.
The fucking news. Jesus!
Like they were there.
You know better than anyone else
what these people make up.
Except in my case,
they didn’t make anything up.
It was all true,
every single thing they said.
Just get in the car.
So– So which is it?
Did Phillip kill himself
in his room?
Is that what happened?
Yes!
Will you get in the car!
How did he get the gun?
I don’t know.
He got hold of it.
You are lying.
You are. I can tell.
I’m not.
- Why are you doing this?
- Stop the car.
- No.
- Stop.
- Let me out!
- No! You’re gonna
hurt yourself! Stop!
- Who cares?
- Jesus! Dana!
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Leo ]
Dana!
Please stop!
Dana, please wait!
- Just tell me what you want
and I’ll do it!
- Tell me the truth!
[ Driver ]
I’m calling the police!
I’ll tell you the truth.
Dana, please.
Leave me alone.
I love you.
Don’t say that.
That doesn’t mean anything.
It does to me.
I love you.
Get off of me.
- Dana, listen to me.
- Why would I listen to you?
Because you’re right!
It was me.
It was my idea,
playing the game with the gun.
my fault he’s dead.
I wanted to tell you,
but I-I couldn’t.
I didn’t know how to.
You just say it.
How do I say that? I liked you.
I wanted you to like me.
H-How do I say that?
You just say it!
Like I said it!
Like,
"My dad murdered
200 people."
Like, "I tried
to kill myself."
I told you–
I told you over
and over again...
that the one thing I cannot
have in my life is lies,
and you lied to me!
Dana, please.
[ Sirens Wailing ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
- Saul.
- Carrie.
How you doing?
Going a little crazy,
to be honest.
Have you heard
anything?
Yeah.
I heard about you
and Jessica Brody,
about you and the F.B.I.
- That’s what I heard.
- I had no options, Saul.
But you did have
an option, Carrie,
which was not to compromise
our operation.
I didn’t.
Last I looked, the surveillance
is still in place.
We’re still in business.
Well, you should look again.
Quinn just called.
Surveillance pulled out
five minutes ago.
Well, maybe they just
knocked off for the night,
or maybe Javadi’s delayed.
Or maybe they saw through
your fool’s errand
on behalf of Brody’s daughter.
Brody’s daughter,
for fuck’s sake.
You realize
how much work you wasted?
How much goddamn pain?
I-I wasn’t made, Saul.
I know I wasn’t.
[ Exhales ]
Right.
Saul, listen to me.
I–
I’ve gotta go.
♪♪ [ Speakers: Soft Jazz ]
[ Man Singing ]
♪ I’ve got my pride,
I’ve got my soul ♪
♪ My dignity
to hold on to ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Getting worried.
Thought you might have
run out on us.
When I’m having
so much fun? Scotch.
Lockhart told me you had
a spirited exchange of views.
Yep. We didn’t agree
on a damn thing.
You know what might have
been nice though,
from a friend?
A word of fucking warning
about what was going on.
Ladies and gentlemen,
if I could have
your attention, please.
♪♪ [ Stops ]
Um–
You know why
I invited you here–
to set the future direction
of our nation’s intelligence...
and to kill some geese.
[ Laughing ]
I believe that
both of those missions
have been accomplished.
So would you please
raise a glass with me...
to Andrew Lockhart,
the man the president
has chosen to be...
the next director
of the C.I.A.
Hear! Hear!
Thank you.
Thank you all.
I want you to know that
when the president announces
my nomination tomorrow,
there won’t
be a prouder man
in America.
And two weeks from now,
when, by God’s grace,
I’ll be confirmed,
there won’t be a humbler.
Humble, because I know...
that I wouldn’t be
standing here tonight...
without the support
of all of you.
And a special thanks
to the man...
who was the caretaker
of the Agency through
this most difficult time–
Saul Berenson.
To you, Saul.
Well done.
Hear! Hear!
[ Scattered Applause ]
And on that happy note,
I think we can eat.
One second, Mike.
I, too, would like to
congratulate Senator Lockhart
on his nomination.
If he’s half as good
a director as he is a shot,
we’re in safe hands.
[ Men Chuckling ]
Maybe that wasn’t
the right analogy.
Being a spy isn’t the same
as sitting in a hide,
waiting for the enemy
to come under your guns.
You’re in the jungle,
usually in the dark,
with bad information
and unreliable partners.
The senator’s made a career
criticizing the agency
he’s about to lead.
His first job,
in my opinion,
is to win
the hearts and minds...
of those men and women
in harm’s way.
Otherwise, he’s just another
political appointee...
holding up his finger
to see which way
the wind is blowing.
I wish you luck, Senator.
In the meantime,
I still have
two weeks left on my watch...
and a lot of work to do.
Bon appetit.
General.
[ Door Closes ]
I’m okay.
Really.
[ Beeping ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
Yes?
It’s Quinn.
I know.
Is the surveillance back?
No.
You okay?
Not really.
Where are you?
About a hundred yards away.
I’m not sure I like
being watched over
by you, Quinn.
I’m at a safe distance.
Anyway, according to Saul,
you’re wasting your time.
I blew it.
We don’t know that.
You were there.
Did I get made?
I don’t know.
It was always
a fucking long shot.
Night, Quinn.
Saul.
I didn’t expect you
back tonight.
This is Alain Bernard.
Hello.
Alain and I worked together
in Mumbai and–
Saul?
[ Whirring ]
[ Glass Shatters ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Whispers ]
No sound.
[ Gasping ]
Open.
Take off your clothes.
Everything.
No, please–
Okay.
Okay, I’ll do it.
[ Gasping, Whimpering ]
[ Phone Buzzing ]
Yes?
I think the watch
is back on.
What are you seeing?
I’m not sure.
I put a GoPro camera
on the street, but it’s
not showing me anything.
I gotta get closer.
No, no. Stay put.
[ Exhales ]
Dress now.
No.
In these.
No, this– this isn’t right.
This is not what we agreed.
Nothing was agreed.
Get dressed.
Anything?
Any sign of Carrie?
No, there’s no sign of Carrie.
I’m too fucking far away.
Well, keep your distance.
That’s an order.
Hurry.
[ Engine Starts ]
I’m getting closer.
Quinn.
Do not move.
Quinn?
[ Sighs ]
Saul?
- Not now.
- Saul, please.
[ Phone Buzzes ]
Yes.
Yeah, I’m inside.
She’s gone.
They left her clothes.
Broke her phone.
I guess they got her SIM.
We lost her.
But we know who’s got her.
We’re back in business.
She’s on her own, Saul.
She’s always been on her own.
Take it off.
Carrie Mathison.
You’re in good shape.
Must be
all that yoga.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Splash ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]